starship: add page (#5901)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/starship.md

# starship

> The minimal, blazing-fast, and infinitely customizable prompt for any shell.

> > More information: <https://starship.rs/>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://starship.rs>.
```

> - Print the shell function used to execute starship:

Reviewer 2: I like the following:
```suggestion
- Generate starship integration code for the current shell and print it to stdout:
```

Author: Actually it doesn't generate nothing, only prints the selected script.

Reviewer 2: But I don't think that's a necessary detail—usually "generate" refers to this type of thing (if if currently is it just a dump of a static file's contents).

Reviewer: To me `generate` also sounds like it is creating the code when you execute the command. How about:
```suggestion
- Print starship integration code for the specified shell:
```

Reviewer 3: I think I like @marchersimon's best, but with a slightly grammatical tweak:
```suggestion
- Print the starship integration code for the specified shell:
```

> `starship init {{bash|fish|zsh}`

Reviewer 2: Is there a reason why you didn't include all supported shells?
```suggestion
`starship init {{bash|zsh|fish|powershell|ion|elvish|tcsh}}`
```
(and is there a reason why you ended the token syntax with only one `}`? 😄)

> `starship init {{bash|elvish|fish|ion|powershell|tcsh|zsh}}`

Reviewer: Isn't the shell function to execute starship `starship`?

Author: Yep, but the installation is different for every shell.
```
eval "$(starship init bash)"
Invoke-Expression (&starship init powershell)
eval (starship init elvish)
eval `starship init tcsh`
```

Maybe I can create a subcommand page for `starship-init` similar to `gh-completion`

Reviewer 2: Not a bad idea, but that's for another PR.

> - Explain the current showing modules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Explain the currently showing modules:
```
Except if they are showing the current of course 😅

> - Explain the currently showing modules:

Reviewer 2: How about this, instead?
```suggestion
- Break down the current prompt and explain each part of it, as well as the time taken to render it:
```

`starship explain`

- Print the computed starship configuration (use `--default` to print default configuration instead):

`starship print-config`

- List supported modules:

`starship module --list`

> - Edit the starship configuration:

Reviewer: Does it use the systems default or the one in `$EDITOR`?

Reviewer 2: It uses `$EDITOR` if it's set, otherwise the system's default (`vim` for me, on macOS).

Reviewer: Should we maybe update the description to `Edit the starship configuration in the default editor`?

Reviewer 2: Sounds good to me. 👍🏻

Author: ```suggestion
- Edit the starship configuration in the default editor:
```

> - Edit the starship configuration in the default editor:

Author: in all pages, like `git-config` we use `in the default editor`.

`starship configure`

> - Create a pre-populated GitHub issue with information about your configuration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Create a bug report GitHub issue pre-populated with information about your system and starship configuration:
```

`starship bug-report`

- Print a completion script:

> `starship completions {{bash|fish|zsh}}`

Reviewer 2: Same here. Why only the first three?
```suggestion
`starship completions {{bash|fish|zsh}}`
```

> - Print a completion script:

Reviewer: To keep it consistent with the first example:
```suggestion
- Print the completion script for the specified shell:
```
